This is a file containing the general process of me making the Banked app - this is likely going to follow my commits from this point:

1. Created RN/Expo app (decided to use Expo as RN themselves recommend this as a framework, plus it's what I'm used to in my current job with the apps I work with);
2. General tidy-up from what `create-expo-app` created, removed most of the template components, utils etc., except for a couple related to theming that I may likely use in the future. Added a bit more structure for how I envisage this repo building out, and added an About tab just so I have multiple tabs - will use this, Home (`index.tsx`) and possibly a Settings tab in the future;
3. Created Zod schemas for the API, and each bank holiday. Starting to create functions (TDD with Jest) to process this data so it will eventually be an array of the next five unique bank holidays across the entirety of the UK. Starting with `mergeUkBankHolidays` to just merge the regions' bank holidays into one large array of all bank holidays, including duplicates;
4. Added test for `mergeUkBankHolidays` for when data is actually invalid (would expect Zod to throw an error in this case);
5. Added and implemented Husky as a pre-commit hook to run all tests at each commit, before I start adding any more tests. Purposefully broke one of the above tests to check it worked, which it did;
6. Added `removeDuplicateHolidays` function and tests to remove all duplicate bank holidays from a BankHoliday array;
7. Added `filterHolidaysOverSixMonthsAway` function and tests to remove all bank holidays that do not fall within the next six months, using `date-fns` package I read about on StackOverflow;
8. Added `processBankHolidays` function and tests, that combines the previous util functions I added, sorts the remaining bank holidays by date, then returns the first five results. Actually not too bad, the weight of the functionality had been done in the other utils (especially `filterHolidaysOverSixMonthsAway` and getting my head round `date-fns`). Used much larger data that I copied from the API and added it to a `mockData.ts` file - I may refactor one or two other tests to use this same data;
9. Added minor tests I forgot to add earlier to check that the boolean `isToday` is actually behaving properly in `filterHolidaysOverSixMonthsAway`;
10. Implemented simple fetching of the data using `processBankHolidays` directly in the main page for now. Also removed `axios` since I realised I didn't need it for a simple JSON GET request;
11. Factored fetching and state-setting into separate `useBankHolidays` custom hook;
12. Re-wrote the `README.md` to be more personalised and reflective of me and my other projects, as well as to note down current project progress and possible bonus ideas;
13. Noticed Expo's template had defaulted to locking the orientation of this app as portrait. I think either orientation should be allowed, so removed this from `app.json`. Added `expo-calendar` as a package in preparation for adding bank holidays to device calendars;
14. `addToCalendar` util function added, lifting, implementing and editing a lot of the example code from Expo docs seems to have worked really well - tested and confirmed I could add events to my calendars on my iPhone, iOS Simulator and Android Emulator (all via Expo Go - will see if these still work with development builds later), as well as checking it handled denied permissions as expected;
15. Created a couple of basic Pixelmator icons for the app, integrated these as the app icon, splash screen icon and web favicon, and updated `README.md` to use these;
16. Slight change to MaterialUI icons used in tabs, and rename of "Home" to "Calendar";
17. Created Context for bank holiday data, including state and setters. I think we probably want a 'reset' function to reset an edited bank holiday to its original entry, so have created state for that too. Wrapped the app in the provider, and will now actually implement it in the app;
18. Edit screen implemented using Context-based bank holidays. Had to add in a `_layout.tsx` file outside of `(tabs)`, so the Edit screen could access the Context without also being a tab. Very basic form for now, but seems to correctly edit and reset, with form validation to prevent empty titles and dates six months away (I may likely be able to swap some of this form out with something from `react-native-paper` or another UI library when I look at styling later);
19. Swapped out the text input for the date on the Edit screen with a calendar from `react-native-calendar` - I did try using `DateTimeSpinner` from a different package, but found it really unintuitive and inconsistent, didn't validate nicely etc. This calendar seems to just work much easier across all platforms tested, and slots in much nicer with how my solution was already looking in the Edit screen;
20. Added in confirmation modals for saving an edited bank holiday;
21. Added in confirmation modals for resetting an edited bank holiday. Also fixed keyboards so they are dismissed much more easily - found trying to save changes after typing on iOS really difficult, so have added dismiss calls to the Edit screen;
22. Slightly tidied up the 'No bank holiday found' case on the Edit screen, while it was on my mind;
23. Added in confirmation modals for adding a bank holiday to the device's calendar. Also addressed an old TODO about whether to pass `setOriginalBankHolidays` in the `useBankHolidaysContext` context - I'm fairly confident at this point it's not needed, so removing. Also added a `TODO.md` file as I'm finding lots of bits I need to sort out soon, and probably should note them down somewhere;
24. Added in `SafeAreaProvider` from `react-native-safe-area-context`, and integrated into `ThemedView`. Made new `ThemedScreenWrapper` and applied to Home screen, About screen and Edit screen;
25. Improved the date strings on the Home screen to be more readable, e.g. '2026-02-08' is now '8th February 2026';
26. Added `sortHolidays` function and tests (simply ripped out of `processBankHolidays`), as I anticipate I could use this to sort out bank holiday dates after the user has edited some of them;
27. Added `assignHolidayIds` function and tests to assign IDs to bank holidays to make sorting them safer. Also added new `BankHolidayWithId` type;
28. Context functions all updated to correctly use IDs instead of indexes;
29. Tidied up all places where context state setters are used, and now dates are always sorted correctly on the home screen even if they've been edited;
30. Added new themes colours and constants, and implemented some of them in the Home screen; implemented much-improved styling on the Home screen, including now using the Banked icon I made yesterday;
31. Large styling update to Edit screen, adding theming to calendar, and updating the buttons to now be styled Pressables. Also added `ignoreTopInset` optional prop to `ThemedScreenWrapper` and `ThemedView` for Edit screen to not have the top inset padding applied - no need for this to be applied here;
32. Fixed editing a bank holiday to the current date;
33. Added details and links to my GitHub profile and portfolio to About screen;
34. Improved the styling of the tabs slightly, just making the colour difference between selected and unselected tabs slightly more subtle. With that, I _think_ most of the styling in the app is done at this point, for what I've built so far at least - so going to focus on extras from this point;
35. Basic loading spinner implemented into `isLoading` for Home screen.
